at first
Nonsense, you believe him too
Take me away
How much will I give?
Remember, I beg you not to die again
why
Why rely on me profiteer
Same Day Policy Cancellation
The next day, it was announced that Liu Peng was unfinished.
He's cutting the leeks.
Upper half of the family
Because of this
Burdened with huge loans
Come on a windy day
Boss Xu, it's really unkind of you to do this
The enemy's money is paid with blood and sweat
Why are they not angry when you do this?
Oops seventh uncle
Who the hell are you?
You are a ghost
You don't take him first
You blame me in turn
Ah!
Heaven and earth have their own justice
I will not be biased because of the people and ghosts
I suggest you hurry up and let the real estate resume work
Hand over the house as agreed
Resolved their grievances
You'll be fine.
Real estate resumes work
Easy for you to say.
sue
It will cost at least tens of billions to resume work on the real estate.
Ah, this money is rough for you
Boss Xu, you are worth tens of billions
Billions is nothing to you
Hahaha can't stand it
Do you understand the law?
The company's money is the company's money
My money is my money
The company's building is not finished
Just take my money and top it inside
Why should I do this?